[Music] It
's true. Hey Jos, you had an
exclusive today, not powerful, not today for a few
days, I mean, I got the
appeal, let's make a
distinction
here, Daniel Sancho's defense has
filed an
appeal to respond to the one filed by
the Rieta family, and also in that
same appeal, he takes advantage of and responds to the
final arguments that were given in the trial,
which I don't understand much because it doesn't make
sense, I mean, the final arguments
alone. The arguments don't make sense.
Connect to them, but well, you want to
browse the internet safely and
also access all the content of
your favorite platforms like Netflix,
HBO Max, or Disney Plus. CyberGhost VPN. And I do
n't know if you know, but there's
content that isn't available in your country
and with this little trick you can
access all the content wherever you
are. I don't know if you know what a VPN is,
but it's an extension that you put on your
internet that masks your IP address, and
apart from browsing completely safely and
anonymously without anyone being able to know who
you are and where you are, it helps you access
some content that is
blocked in your country, there are movies.  and
series on your favorite platforms that are
not available there are
television programs for example on Mediaset
content that if you try to watch them outside
of Spain they have a geoblock that does not
allow you Well with Cyber ​​Ghost VPN that is
over apart from being protected
browsing anonymously you will be able to
access content from all over the
planet you will also have Total privacy
since it keeps your connection private and
protects your data Ultra fast speed
to eliminate the lake in any
online game with which you can enjoy
live broadcasts without interruptions and as I have already
told you Freedom to access all the
content on the planet wherever and whenever
you want also take advantage of a 83%
discount using the link that I
leave you in the description of this video and be
careful because you can try Cyber ​​Ghost VPN
45 days without obligation and if you are not
convinced you ask for a refund and they
will return the piece So don't wait any longer
to protect your connection and improve your
internet experience run to click on the
link in the description and take advantage of
this super offer Cyber ​​Ghost VPN to
browse completely free and secure we
continue with the video tell me tell me it is as
if it were here in Spain the resource that
can present both parties win or  you
lose Even if you win you can also
appeal
in Let's say as if it were the
provincial court not after this What
happens is that now they are going to present another one
because Thailand here in Spain it is usually
presented together That is, you respond to the
appeal of the other party and also in it you
put what you want not from your appeal
but in Thailand you can do double, that
is, they are going to respond to the deina on
this occasion and apart they are going to present
another one in which they are going to be their own
appeal that then that other one I imagine will be
answered by Pina's part and the
prosecutor I understand based on the
judgment because you that it is based on the judgment
So we don't have that one yet in the
future we will have it I don't know how much that one that
has 400 pages let's see this one
that they have presented Now
the book has 97 pages Miriam's book
says that this one has 97 okay this one that they have
presented now that we have already
translated 397 I have released a first
part today of that response And from
tomorrow and the day after I think I will have the
other two because it is very long I
mean I have a one hour video and I don't  I'm
counting a third of it, so you see,
and the appeal is made by the
public defender there. What happens is that he
signs it on the sana paneta list, the
legal advisory list, but the
public defender's office does it. Well, let's
see, the appeal has been made by the lawyers
in Spain, it has already been passed on to them and they
have presented it. Exactly, we could say
like this, okay, there is a part that you put
on Twitter this afternoon, when we have
a lot of attention, eh, I'm going to read it from your
tweet. In reality, the malicious intention
can be observed in the victim who
insulted the dignity of the accused and
tried to
sexually assault him, treating the accused as if he
were a woman on the part of the fence, on the
part of the accused, the only intention
was to defend himself from a sexual assault and when the argument escalated into a bare-knuckle fight, his intention was to protect himself during the confrontation, defeating his opponent without any other. I'm going to expand on this, I'm going to put it on screen, but he is
strong, treating him like a woman, I mean,
as it does
n't make sense to me, of course, I
mean, he could have, he stayed
calm. Not only did
he violate his rights, not trying to
sexually assault him, no  denigrate
says by not treating the accused as if he
were a woman and well and what's the problem
with that, I don't understand, I'm in
this case, I don't know, that's why he killed him, I do
n't know, that's what they say. Yes, he also dismembered him and what I'm saying
is that apparently women treat them
differently. What? Exactly, clear, very clear, I
mean, we have it more than chewed up, no,
evidently they have to claim
that it was an attempted rape because,
eh, according to Thai law, apparently
if you kill a person who was
trying to rape you, defending yourself from that
person, you kill him, they acquit you, it's not one
of the ways there is to get the
solution, but of course, simply say that he
was trying to rape you, not the nuance
of treating the accused as a woman, I
mean, Aside from that, it's not only that he
's telling you about he tried to rape me
as if I were a woman, but he's saying
that this is an insult to his
dignity,
which could also be the translation.
No, José. Maybe, no, I do
n't know, it's the translation, how about I've
gone through several sites and it's the one you
give me, I can't tell you anything else.  and is there
something that caught your attention
and that could be the reason that
justifies the delay
PR I make a lot of reference to women and
men for example in this part it says
the accused requests the court of appeal
to consider that he is a man with
characteristics different from those of a
woman and that due to his masculine nature
his way of reacting in that situation
differs from that of a woman. Furthermore, in the
case of the accused at this moment he was
extremely angry, I mean he
always makes the distinction between
women and men, not the way of acting
eh let's fly. The same thing happens because of being a
woman, I mean they m
pu another way as a man he should be
aware and in reality he is that the
typical behavior of men and
women in situations of aggression
differ
significantly, I don't know,
sexist allegation there I go, I mean yes, I don't know
if it's poorly translated but it's not
the first time they say it during, it doesn't
have to be poorly translated because he
says it. Exactly, he repeats it in different
contexts, different situations,
always the
difference is that he is not a man, he is a
woman, he is not a woman, he is a man and
man is different from woman, so that's
not why I put it  that piece but what I have
read to you I have not read it yet
in my live broadcast But what I have been
reading to you is throughout the entire resource, that
is They are always making the
distinction between man and woman I can
tell you something else I don't know exactly
who has done this but but that is the
resource we will be Jos your exclusive in
the next few
days we will listen to you and we will see that
complete resource
[Music]